And speaking about being a grownup in America, Abby Edwards
is a senior at Butler, and she has already completed
more college than most of us in the room through
Wright State. So please welcome Abby Edwards and
her dog, Kathy with a K, to the stage
Keep walking straight. Okay. Right here where I'm standing.
Okay. So you stand right there. Where? Okay. All right,
so how is everybody? We're half-- We're more than halfway
through. How we feeling? You still excited to be here?
Yeah. Well, I'm still excited to be here
because my name, as Sam very eloquently said,
is Abby Edwards, and I am here today to share
with you the impact that self-advocacy can have on your
life. Now, when most people think of self-advocacy,
they think that it's just a way to get something
done. When I thought of self-advocacy, I envisioned something
dramatic, like a petition, like someone in Washington. I didn't
know that self-advocacy could be as simple as sending an
email. It wasn't until I was asked to speak about
it that I realized what self-advocacy really is, a choice
to take control of your life. Now, that's all well
and good. If it's so simple, why haven't we all
done it? Maybe it's because we don't feel like it's
our choice to make. We live in a world that
is constantly changing. New technology and trends come out all
the time, and it can give us the impression that
we don't really have a say in what goes on
in the world around us. I can personally relate to
feeling out of control. Around four and a half years
ago, I was at a point in my life where
I felt like I had no say over what happened
to me. At this point, I had just lost the
remainder of my vision, had just had major back surgery,
and was going through a second round of IV treatment
for osteoporosis. This was a time in my life where
I felt like everything had been taken out of my
hands. Just before my freshman year of high school, I
started exploring the role that technology could have in my
life. I began to utilize things like email to communicate
with my teachers and to complete assignments. At some point
that year, I became aware of all the opportunities that
had been opened up to me, and I made the
choice to embrace all that life had to offer. With
renewed confidence, I communicated with admissions staff at Wright State,
and then my sophomore year, with my first ever college
professors. As my confidence continued to grow, I decided to
apply for a guide dog. I was approved by Guiding
Eyes for the Blind and spent a life-changing summer training
with my guide dog, Kathy, in New York. I got
more than just a dog that summer, though. I got
even more confidence because now I was able to not
just talk confidently, but also to walk confidently. I carried
this confidence into my junior year, and when I was
having trouble in one of my psychology classes at Wright
State, I was able to confidently speak with the dean
of the department to resolve my problem. Everyone around me
noticed how confident I felt, so my school district nominated
me for a National Self-Advocacy Award. As a result of
receiving this award, I was able to be a guest
on a radio show, a local newscast, and had several
opportunities to speak for different civic groups. Last summer, as
a result of advocating for myself, I attended an independent
living program that taught me invaluable skills like cooking,
cleaning, things that will last me a lifetime. Looking back,
I realized that it was my choice to take control
of my life those four and a half years ago
that has led me to where I am today. Now,
thus far, you've been sitting back listening to my story
thinking, "Gosh, this is nice. I don't have to do
anything." So this is where I would like to extend
a challenge to everyone here today to come up with
at least one thing that you would like to see
change in your life. Ask yourself, "What can I do
to accomplish this?" Then realize that you have the power
to make that goal a reality. You will find out,
as I once did, that once you start advocating for
yourself, it gets easier and easier to accomplish bigger and
bigger goals. Consider the impact that simply deciding to take
control of your life could have on you and those
around you. And don't just think of self-advocacy as a
way to get things done. Think of it as a
state of mind, one that will take you as far
as you can imagine. Thank you.